My ideal career has to be making a positive impact on the Earth, without any moral caveats. I think I can only do this via my own startup, or humanitarian intiative. 

BUT, what about Palantir? There was some controversy about them killing people, I'd have to make sure that there were no ethical dilemmas before deciding that it's the ideal job. 

--------

The human condition 

Success, financial freedom and gratification. 

Excess, concrete Kingdom and dissatisfaction. 

Laughter, support and sex

Bastards, morose, and stress
--------

June 2nd 2014 

I had a peaceful and contemplative double Decker bus ride this morning. Is it possible to be dedicated to your career but also to your friends and family? Is it possible to reach the top of your field, but also spend time traveling and exploring our earth? The answer usually boils down to "balance" but did superstars like bill Gates, Warren buffet, Dave Chappelle, Tony Robbins or Kanye West or will Smith live balanced lives? Those are some advocators of hard work and spending the long hours of devotion to there career. What about Leo Babauta, Tim Ferris, Richard Feynman and the person I'm most curious about, Sal Khan. These are advocates of minimalism, decreased hours of work, thinking smarter, not harder. Sal Khan is my Idol, but he went to MIT for 2 degrees. I bet he doesn't have any regrets, but I wonder if he's ever smoked weed? I mean, would I give up all of the times I had a lot of fun in high school if I could "be" the creator of Khan Academy? Maybe it's just the wording of that question that makes the answer seem obvious. Would I trade in the hours I spent fostering a drug habit, so that I could be part of a revolutionary movement in global education? Well, when you put it that way... 

Maybe the answer is to the question of career vs personal life, is not about balance, but about justification. 

There's also the dilemma of complacency and gratefulness. Perhaps I should reserve being grateful for the good things in life that I can't change, like my family, physical appearance, and other things on my 90 reasons to feel grateful list. I shouldn't be complacent about careers, relationships, or my fitness. 

The key to life isn't balance. Its justification. Mukesh Ambani justified building the most expensive house in the world, right in the middle of the slums of India, by saying that he created new jobs in that town because he hired servants and cleaners to maintain his building. Murderers can justify themselves by claiming that the victim had be threatening or dangerous (cops). 

Okay I'm getting into a ethical discussion here, I should stay within the original scope of career vs personal life. 

I think what my dad said might be the best option. Run non-stop until you're 
